{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh15640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 %% Instructions for Task 3 Experiment 2\
\

\f1\b0 The data from this task is partially pre-processed due to the requirements of engaging in working with the data.\
\
You will receive 4 .CSV files. Most files\'92 structure is 88x146 (trials/participants). The test trials have already been removed. 146 corresponds to participants. However, we recorded 73. The doubled number of columns refers to the 2 blocks that each participant performed. For example, column 1 is Participant 1 Block 1, while column 2 is Participant 1 Block 2.\
Muscle trial information has already been taken out.\
\
1. 
\f0\b timeFirstFixation
\f2\i  = 
\f1\i0\b0 88x146. It contains the time elapsed from picture onset to the first fixation in one of the two pictures presented.\
2. 
\f0\b actualReaction = 
\f1\b0 88x146 (trials/participants). It contains the reaction that the participant actually performed. The reaction can be either pull or push.\
3. 
\f0\b frameSide = 
\f1\b0 88x146 (trials/participants). It contains the code for the frame color in each trial. 1 is right and 0 is left.\
4. 
\f0\b pictureSequence = 
\f1\b0  88x2x146 (trials/participants). It contains the ID number of each negative picture in the same sequence that was presented to the participant.\
5. 
\f0\b reactionTime = 
\f1\b0 88x146 (trials/participants). It contains the reaction time in seconds for every trial the participant performs. The time is computed from the moment that the frame is presented. 
\f2\i\b Here, the trials where the frame did not appear are already set to NaN. Use this as a guideline for the other data files.
\f1\i0\b0 \
6. 
\f0\b valence = 
\f1\b0 88x146 (trials/participants). It contains the valence of the looked picture on each trial. 1 is positive and 0 is negative.\
7. 
\f0\b subjectsToRemove
\f1\b0  = subjects to remove because they have less than 85% of correct or usable EYE TRACKING data.\
8. 
\f0\b blockOrder = 
\f1\b0  1x146. Indicates the order of blocks for each session. If A = Trials 1 to 44 are Congruent and 45 to 88 are Incongruent. If B = Trials 1 to 44 are Incongruent and 45 to 88 are Congruent.\
}